# Sign-Board-Type-for-You-to-contemplate-for-Your-Business.
       3D Acrylic Letters Mounted on a ACP Base Frame Three-dimensional letters fixed on top of an ACP base or digital display board in tamilnadu are the kinds of sign board that almost all store owners go for. because the name suggests, these acrylic name boards consist of: Hollow acrylic letters or logos which are approximately three inches thick. LEDs are embedded within the hollow beneath these letters. These 3D letters and logos are mounted on an ACP box frame. This aluminium frame, together with the backlit acrylic letters, are then installed on-site. ·         How could a 3D Acrylic Letter Board be Made? First, a customer provides us with an artwork containing the look and dimensions of the letters and logo for the signboard. To make 3D acrylic letters from this artwork, we use a laser cutting machine. We cut the requisite shapes from a flat sheet of acrylic having 3 mm – 5 mm thickness. These shapes are then extruded in 3D employing a method called skirting. Skirting is nothing but fixing a vertical, perpendicular acrylic border to the flat laser cut letter on top. This side skirting is approximately 2.5 inches to three inches in thickness. We now have a hollow 3D box with an acrylic strip on the edges and top surface. Small LED modules can now be fitted within the hole beneath the 3D letters. Since the letter is entirely a product of acrylic, it allows light to have from the front furthermore because the sides. the top results a surprising, well-lit logo or letter for our signboard. This glowing box letter from Neon Sign Boards manufacturers in tamilnadu, together with its embedded LEDs, is then fitted onto the ACP base frame. and at last, the finished base frame is mounted on top of the storefront. Both ACP and acrylic sheets are available during a style of colours. Obviously, the color of those sheets has to be matched with the brand and company guidelines of the client. ·         The End-Result and Application The resulting LED acrylic letter board has two different effects ideal for both day and night times. During the day, the colorful ACP frame is gorgeous to appear at. Additionally, the 3D logos and letters just within the front and provides a really premium look even when the board isn't lit up. At night, when the facility is switched on, these same letters and logos brightly remove darkness from the embedded LEDs and provide a shocking look to your shop front.
